

IceWallet the safest cold storage to secure your crypto assests. IceWallet is the ONLY wallet that is 100% guaranteed way to secure your crypto assets by creating a rock solid private and secure self decrypting file called IceWalletData.zip.

This file is self decrypting and is encrypted with multiple layers of encryption to ensure it is absolutely IMPOSSIBLE that it can be decrypted without the Paraphrase which is only known to the owner of the wallet.



Better Than Paper Wallets
 - Can be lost
 - Can be destroyed
 - Can be...


Better Than Hardware Wallets
 - Can be lost
 - Can have a hardware failure
 


One you create your SECURE IceWallet you can put a copy on your keychain USB and carry it with you at all times.
You can copy your SECURE IceWallet to a public cloud drive such as GoogleDrive, AmazonDrive, DropBox, OneDrive or copy IceWallet to all of the above. You can copy IceWallet on a USB drive and stick it in your safty deposit box or even give a copy to a friend or family member.

IceWallet is 100% secure so redundancy is a MUST to secure your cryptocurrency! The more copies of it you have in a variety of places the more redundant your IceWallet becomes. There is not other cold storage solution where all your crypto is in a single file that can be copied like any other backup! 

When the time comes to withdrawl your funds and you must access your PRIVATE KEY you can either use the IceWallet client application or the IceWallet itself contains a self extracting mechanism that only requires your highly SECURE paraphrase that ONLY you know!

With IceWallet copied to multiple locations you will NEVER loose your cryptocurrency assests!





We are so confident in the safety and security IceWallet that we have made public a wallet that contains 10 BTC just waiting for the hacker that can crack the code!




Instructions
-----------------------
It is recommended to have a dedicated laptop that has been un plugged from the Internet. This will protect the assests from a remote attack that could capture keystrokes or screen snapshopts.







Selling Points
----------------------------
- Generate Keys in a Secure, Private and air gapped way.


Password / Passcode





QUESTION -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Brookster 777
3 days ago (edited)
@Hashoshi   You sound very knowledgeable I have a question for you or anybody that can give some feedback.  

Instead of using a hardware wallet wouldn’t be just as safe to create a highly encrypted file on a laptop disconnected from the Internet and then you can take that file and copy it as many places as possible in the cloud on a USB drive and a keychain in a safety deposit box and because it’s encrypted nobody could ever get inside the file??? It just seems like these hardware wallets are so overkill and complicated compared to using a good encryption program.

As you know it’s easy to create private keys off-line on the disconnected laptop... I picked up a cheap laptop for 100 bucks that I use for all of my key generation and will never connected to the Internet

ANSWER --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Great question! Thanks for the compliments, first and foremost. In terms of your question: 

In theory, you can create an encrypted file on your laptop with a 256-bit or better encryption mechanism that holds your private keys. However, this becomes impractical because you would have to decrypt that file and connect to the web anytime you need to sign a transaction. That’s where hardware wallets are great, because they hold the keys in an air gapped location that only operate as signers. Many wallets don’t even have connectivity and simply sign the empty transaction body that gets sent from your other internet connected device. Hardware wallets are also designed to generate keys securely, which is often where most hacks occur with replacement, prediction or theft of keys at the time of creation. By creating the key on an airgapped device that has preloaded firmware that has limited functionality, you are setting yourself up as best as possible for secure key gen. Even bettter if you’re using a non deterministic key generation algorithm with solid entropy. 

The issue with phones and laptops, even if airgapped is that they can be boot loaded with relative ease, and with big drives they can hold large malware packages. Hardware wallets are built with the minimum space available for firmware, so that sideloading malware is harder (not perfect AT ALL though). You never want to put sensitive information on the cloud BTW - not always secure and you’re putting your trust in a third party. 

The encrypted file approach does not work for a replacement for hardware wallets because key generation and signing operations are impractical and not as secure in practice. If, however, you have an airgapped and malware free computer with networking disabled, you can create an encrypted file that holds your seed phrase(s) for your hardware wallets in a secure way using your same approach outlined above. That’s a solid way to keep copies without buying steel backups or writing on paper, and if it did fall into the wrong hands, it would be hard for a hacker to crack your seed phrase. 

Overall, hardware wallets are a necessary evil, but some are better than others in both security AND user experience. If you don’t like seed phrases and stuff, the BC Vault is great wallet with nondeterministic key gen, no seed phrases, and encrypted backups by default -> https://youtu.be/NaZ3n8MMyMI

Thanks for watching and for your support








